The soda thing must be the ghost of that cold palace abandoned concubine
I said Little Star's voice sounded so familiar
Why didn't the Empress report her to the Emperor?
Shen Xingyao, that woman is scheming
Maybe he just wants to meet the Emperor based on this matter
She has a pretty face.
If the Emperor is really deceived by her, it will be us who are unlucky
Just ruin her face
Even if an ugly girl sees the emperor, she can't turn over any waves
What are you doing?
Let go of my mother
You evil masters and servants
My wife was grounded
This is a lesson for you
Qin, you trouble me all day long
Is it because the emperor didn't favor you?
Menopause is early
Shen Xingyao
Wait until I scratch your face
See how arrogant you are
Let me tell you something.
You are committing a crime
Going to jail
This palace wants you to know who is in charge in this harem
yueyang
His Royal Highness the King of Qi
Sure enough, he is a fox
Can't seduce the emperor
Seduce His Royal Highness the King of Qi
Ah empress
Empress, are you alright?
Qin Guiren, you make good use of lynching
Trying to hurt other concubines
In vain, you were born a general
But only bully the weak
Why did Qin Guodong educate his daughter like this?
Lord King Qi
I was wrong.
You wait for me.
Yao'er
This is the king of Qi, Su Yueyang, who once had an affair with the original owner
Ahhh King Qi